README.md, before:

# ShoppingList
## About
This is an application that allows to record and share things they want
to spend money on and keep track of their shopping lists.
## Goal
The goal of this application is to enable users keep track of their shopping lists and further
provide an innovative and robust solution that will allow them share their
shopping lists with others.
## Features
- You can create a user account - Registration
- You can login and log out - Authorization and Authentication
- You can create, view, update, and delete a shopping list in your user account
- You can create, view, update, and delete an item in your shopping list under your account
- Extra: You can share your shopping list with your friends and have fun!
## Requirements
- Python 2.7.1x+. preferably use Python 3.x.x+
### Tools
Tools used during the development of this application are;
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) - this is a wireframing tool
- [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) - this is a python microframework
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) - this is a HTML/CSS/JS framework
- [postgresql](https://www.postgresql.org/) - this is a database server
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) - this is a java script library
to build user interfaces
### TODO
- build a wireframe
- build UML classes
- build a frontend designs in HTML/CSS
- write tests
- create a [Pivotal tracker board](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/)

Commit message:

adding a travis badge to README

README.md, after:

# ShoppingList
`travis-web`
## About
This is an application that allows to record and share things they want
to spend money on and keep track of their shopping lists.
## Goal
The goal of this application is to enable users keep track of their shopping lists and further
provide an innovative and robust solution that will allow them share their
shopping lists with others.
## Features
- You can create a user account - Registration
- You can login and log out - Authorization and Authentication
- You can create, view, update, and delete a shopping list in your user account
- You can create, view, update, and delete an item in your shopping list under your account
- Extra: You can share your shopping list with your friends and have fun!
## Requirements
- Python 2.7.1x+. preferably use Python 3.x.x+
## Tools
Tools used during the development of this application are;
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) - this is a wireframing tool
- [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) - this is a python microframework
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) - this is a HTML/CSS/JS framework
- [postgresql](https://www.postgresql.org/) - this is a database server
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) - this is a java script library
to build user interfaces
## Tests
todo: Put here text on how to run tests for this application
## TODO
- build a wireframe
- build UML classes
- build a frontend designs in HTML/CSS
- write tests
- create a [Pivotal tracker board](https://www.pivotaltracker.com/)
